Hello dear friends, I am Olga
Fedulova and in this video tutorial I tell you
I'll tell you how to clear the browser cache
what is cache is temporary storage
data that you found in the search
systems, that is, the browser cache is a copy
Web pages of pictures and videos do not mind
and some materials that we
browsed through the browser and cache
stored on your computer
when you re- immerse
the same stuff you were looking for
if it is already in your computer
the cache tone loads much faster
very convenient but there is also a negative
side cache takes up a lot of space on
your computer is on disk therefore
computer is slower and better
periodically purge the cache as
let's start doing this with google chrome
open and upper right gi and
horizontal stripes
clicking on them find the tools
delete data line viewed
pages
left click and in this list
find
image other files saved cache
and leave estetik god the rest is all
See that you do not have ticks
and click on the clear history button
some time passes everything seems
particles close and go to another
mozilla browser here click on the button
in the upper left red here
find the magazine
further delete recent history here
also see what you checkbox
You stood only where the cache is written
all the rest are clean here you can
look in the last hour or all
remove it here already how often do you
brush your
so leave to remove all that you have
it was too much gone you can close
further browser internet explorer
if you don't have that line
where there is a button that we need to
press alt on your keyboard
one more line appears here
click the service browser journal
line further here look to
checkbox was only temporary files
Internet all the rest are up
delete all cleaned up the browser
opera
there is an icon in the upper left corner
opera click on it with the left button
here are other tools
I will clear the visiting history
open window
than god is worth only clear all cache
the rest are clean here too
view these very beginning or
son deed is now clear, too, visits
we cleaned after this close here
so a fraction of your browsers end is not
forget to do it periodically so that
do not occupy space on your disk
all the best for the next meeting